I'm coming out here today to set my
story straight cuz I've had many people
online tell me how I'm supposed to run
my store, how I files I'm not supposed
to have, how I have devices that I
wasn't supposed to buy, and how I got
wrapped up in this whole mess. And
that's what I'm going to be explaining
to you guys today. This revolves around
the three main companies, Elecrow, the
Brute Dev Team, and the fellow YouTuber
Valuetech Custom Solutions, who's a big
part in this cybersecurity community.
And it mainly revolves around this
device, the RF Reaper. Today we're going
to be going over discussions, chats, and
everything you're going to need to know
to understand the full story about how I
ended up in this situation and what lies
have been told so far until this point.
And that's why I'm here today, like I
said, to explain everything that's
happened and go over
the truth.
Let's go into it. Now, I've put this all
together to show you guys the prices
that were promised, the devices that
were promised, what actually came to me,
and how the Brute team did everything
they could to actively screw me over on
a situation that was called caused by
Valuetech Custom Solutions. This all
starts on the 30th of January when I get
a message from Valuetech Custom
Solutions saying buy one now. And this
was a link to This was a private link to
order one of these RF Reapers, which was
going to be supplied by Elecrow. He said
it was an exclusive link and to buy one.
I said maybe I could sell them on my
website and he backed this idea up
saying it was a great idea.
After this, he said, "Buy 10. Buy 10. F
that. Buy 10. Just send me one." And the
whole reason he wanted me to buy
multiple in the first place was because
he couldn't afford one like all so on
screen and he asked me if I could buy
one for him.
After this, he says some other words
here and says, "Buy 10. Buy 10. Buy 10.
Buy 10." The main thing revolves if you
are not actively engaged in the
community that people have come up to me
saying, "Oh, well, why would you buy
these devices? You weren't supposed to
buy them. You were only supposed to buy
one. You weren't supposed to have the
link at all." And this is what actually
happened. So, after that, I did buy 10
after being told it was the smartest
thing I could effing do. And I'll make a
video on it.
And then they'll sell out on my store.
Getting everybody excited for the launch
of this device. So, like I said, it was
supplied through Elecrow, which is shown
here.
I bought these for stock price, meaning
I bought these for $65 for each unit.
But, as you'll see later, that is not
how much it cost me at all.
With 10 of these Bruce RF Reapers, it
ended up costing $865
with an extra $60 of shipping and $130
of tariffs.
Now, this is where the discussion starts
with Elecrow because they never actually
shipped out my devices. So, I went ahead
and listed them on my store.
They all sold out like Valley Tech
Custom Solutions said they would. And he
also said that the Bruce team was
planning to sell these for $250 and that
there is some arguments about the
pricing, but they were going to go for
the $250 mark. Otherwise, I would never
have even thought of selling these
devices I got for originally 65 bucks or
it ended up being 80 with the shipping
and tariffs divided by each one for
$250. But, that's what I did, which is
later brought up in the discussion that
I overpriced these.
When I messaged Elecrow, as you can see,
it is April 9th when they finally
responded to me. I was promised that
these were supposed to ship by mid-March
to late March as shown right here.
Product will be shipped mid to late
March by Bruce Devices with Elecrow.
I was speaking to the representative
Aaron at Elecrow who told me that
they're sorry for the delay and sorry
for my following up so many times. That
the item is in production and they're
finalizing details with the seller. He's
moving recently, so responses are a bit
usual and slower.
Now, the whole confusion here was that
earlier Valley Tech Custom Solutions had
said the Bruce team is broke, that they
have zero money, and they are not able
to afford manufacturing them themselves.
So, after that, I replied to them
saying,
real quick, I do want to explain that
none of these messages are cut out of
context. These are the exact messages in
the order they were sent and received.
So, then I said, "Thanks for the update.
I appreciate you staying on top of it.
Looking forward to receiving the RF
reapers."
Then, they said, "Thank you for
understanding.
>> [snorts]
>> They will be attending the Canton Fair
this week, so we haven't got in touch
with him lately." So, again, they're at
a fair, at a party, I assume.
Then, this was the main email that
shocked me.
They said, "that I'm writing to let you
know that the items have been completed.
The product will come without 3D printed
cases and its antenna. It's different
from the picture because of seller
didn't have many pictures, but the same
as the product mark. See the pictures
below. If you confirm everything is
fine, we will just make the shipment as
soon as possible. Let me know." This was
April 21st.
I've circled a bunch of things here that
were not set because this is a
description of what I ordered. Here's a
photo of the RF reaper. The only thing
it's originally said it wouldn't include
is antennas, which I was fine with as I
ordered my own.
Now, this is the photo of what it would
look like.
This is what it looks like after fully
assembling it myself. This is what it
was advertised with. One, a 10,000
milliamp battery for portable use, MCU
and AMP power, an ESP32 S3, input and
AMP, a six-way button matrix, an
extender, multiple UARTs and I2C
connections, RF capabilities, which is
CC Wow, CC1101
on the 433 band, NRF24, GPS, 2.4
gigahertz, NFC, and obviously infrared
on top. Now, this is what I was promised
with, this is what it looked like, and
this is what I actually received. Once
they sent the photos of these PCBs, it
was shown with no battery, no GPS, no
EO7s, which is the CC1101, easily one of
the most expensive parts on this build,
no screen, no antennas, no SMAs, and no
anti-
metal block wrap. Now, this is stuff
that would have been fine if it wasn't
advertised with these capabilities and
with these functions. But, as it was
advertised with them, it was
unacceptable that these were going to
ship without all this. I said, "Thank
you for the update." And I made a list
of the original listing and the
description that said that it would
include all of these parts.
I spent over $800 on this order. In
their current state, they are not usable
to me because they are missing
advertised parts. They said they would
talk to the seller and then they said
that it was caused by an issue on their
side and they regret the confusion,
which they later contradict. They say,
"If you want to keep the product, we can
arrange If they they could keep the
product, they could arrange a full
refund for me or I could receive the
product and they'd arrange a partial
refund for me."
They also understand my support and
they've looped the seller in this email
so they could keep up with better
efficiency to support me.
Now, thank you for offering the two
options and I said, "What would it be
like and what refund could I receive?"
Now, I was expecting a much larger
refund as I did the math and for all
these parts, it would add up. The refund
they ended up giving me was $75, which
didn't even cover the EO7s. As you can
see, I had to get 12 GPSs, which is $67,
10 batteries, $40,
10 displays, which was $32,
the NFC tape and the EO7s for $80,
which made each Reaper come out to $110.
After talking with them some more, they
said they'd give me some details and get
back to me. But, then again, these
sellers who supposedly had no money were
on a business trip in the Netherlands
and couldn't respond to me in time. That
was April 29th and as you could see, I
don't know how they would know this
information if they were talking to the
seller or if they weren't talking to the
seller. But, as it continues, I told
them the prices for each
component I missed and then they said
they'd offer me $75 as if it had
included all these parts when it was
first listed, then the price would have
been much higher than $650, which really
again isn't my problem. I'm going to
wrap this up because it kind of just
yaps some more about how they did end up
shipping.
Now, by this point it was promised to
ship by mid to late March and now it is
all the way over to May. I sent them my
PayPal and they said they would ship
them to me. Four days after they said
they have been shipped, still no info on
the shipping and the day they actually
did ship, the Brews team comes out with
their own Reaper for $80, which was
advertised by Valley Tech Custom
Solutions.
As I can't put the full video on screen,
but it was advertised for $80. This was
a shock to me because I had to pay way
over that to even get these to work and
it was told to me that they were going
to be for $250. Now, the main point of
this is that it did not only hurt me
because all my customers who had already
paid $250 and some higher prices with
shipping to Australia and stuff are now
messaging me saying that they can now
purchase their own Reapers for $80 after
waiting all this month's time and
getting a unfinished product. I did
order the parts and I am finishing off
Reaper boards, but
it gets even crazier as I had tasked
somebody with or I had asked somebody
with helping me with the cases and the
files, which are closed source because
this is a closed source product, were
actually given to me by the content
creator Valley Tech Custom Solutions. As
you can see here, these are all the
files that were given to me that were
supposed to be closed source, so I don't
know how he got these and I don't really
want to be responsible for it, but I'm
just showing these files included the
bill of materials, so how to order PCB,
the STL and all the Gerbers to actually
view it. If we go over here, we can even
see there's a Gerber viewer to see this
board made and here it is. That means
anybody can make their own R4
that were supposed to be closed source.
Now, I actually got in trouble for
having these files in the first place
along with the person who tasked me with
along with the person I tasked with
making the actual STL cases. He was
actually got in a lot of trouble just
for even having this file. So then I'm
left with the question again, why did
Valley Tech and Solutions even have
these files in the first place, and why
show them to me, and why even wrote me
in this whole thing?
If he cannot afford his own $80 board,
then it should not have been looped onto
me to pay for them for him. And then
after being told to buy 10 of them,
having people tell me that I was never
supposed to buy 10, and never even
supposed to have a product's link. Now,
these files that were given to me are
closed source, and I don't plan to share
them with other people. Still though, I
makes me wonder more about the Bruce
team and how they screwed me over every
chance they could get. It was also told
me by Valley Tech Custom Solutions that
they flew to China, these developers who
he had previously told me had
no money to do any of this, flew to
China and that I was previously
supporting,
flew to China, watched the boards get
made, and shipped them to me to make
sure there's no problems. Yet, they left
me out with over a 4-month wait for
these products
after advertising a 1-month wait, barely
finished PCBs that I will now have to
fully assemble myself with my soldering
skills,
and have now at least their own for $80.
Now, put in this position where I have
been tasked upon assembling 10 full
Reapers, I will continue to do it, and I
wanted to come out here and make a
public statement apologizing for what
happened to anybody who have made have
any inconvenience, and also spreading
some light on the situation as I no
longer want to be messaged about this or
dealing with the situation as I have
promised my customers that they will get
the Reapers, and as
representing Arch Labs, Arch Labs,
that's what I want to do.
Now, being put in this position by
somebody who was told to be my older
brother and told me that, I had a lot of
faith, and that's obviously something
I've done wrong, and I will not do that
again. All these companies who I was
supposed to trust have repeatedly
screwed me over every way they can to
inch every last bit of money and time
out of me.
I no longer want to be messaged about
this Reaper situation, and I don't
really want to deal with all this drama
anymore.
And if you ordered a RF Reaper from the
Bruce team, let me know. Do you Are you
actually going to get your product? Cuz
I don't see any way on how they could be
assembling these for $80, and after the
scandal they've just pulled, I don't
really see them actually promising or
fulfilling these promises anytime soon.
Another thing was I've been seeing these
posters everywhere. Support the Bruce
team. Support the Bruce team. But I'm
confused as the Bruce team has shut
traveled to Beijing to watch these
products get made. They're at the Canton
Fair this week. Then they're in the
Netherlands. They're traveling all over
the place with this money that they
supposedly don't have before any of this
giveaway money fundraiser even started
for them. So, why do they need this
money if they're traveling across the
world doing all this stuff?
That leads me to wonder, did they even
really need this money? Or did they just
scam these people who were promised a
device and firmware out of it?
Now, I'm only 15, and after being
brought into this community by somebody
who told me they were my bigger brother
and who I really cared about and had a
lot of faith in, this hurt me really
bad, and I'm kind of being left to
wonder why people are hearing that oh, I
was never supposed to buy 10. I was
never supposed to have the link. I was
never supposed to have these files, and
yet getting blamed for all of this when
I was just caught up in the situation.
That's pretty much it for today's video.
Please make sure to like and subscribe,
and let me know what you think about the
situation and if you want to learn even
more about it. That's pretty much it for
today's video. Make sure to like and
subscribe, and I'll see you guys in my
next video. Join my Discord ages 13-17.
It's a place where kids can join the
cybersecurity community and learn more
about cybersecurity in general.
Goodbye.